Urho3D scene editor
-------------------

The Urho3D scene editor is a script that can be executed through the Urho3D Shell.
To run, execute either of these commands: (from the Bin directory)
Editor.bat
Urho3D.exe Scripts/Editor.as


Controls
--------

Left mouse     - Select renderable components
Right mouse    - Hold down and move mouse to rotate camera

WSAD or arrows - Move
Shift+WSAD     - Move faster
Ctrl+O         - Open scene
Ctrl+S         - Save scene
Ctrl+Shift+S   - Save scene as
Ctrl+X,C,V     - Cut/copy/paste entity or component
Ctrl+E	       - Open the Entity / component edit window
Ctrl+H	       - Open the Scene hierarchy window
Ctrl+P         - Toggle physics on/off
Ctrl+R         - Reload resources
ESC            - Close the topmost window
DEL            - Delete entity or component
F1             - Toggle rendering debug geometry
F2             - Toggle physics debug geometry
F3             - Toggle octree debug geometry


Workflow
--------

When you start with an empty scene, set the resource path first (File -> Set 
resource path). This is the base directory, under which the subdirectories 
Models, Materials & Textures will be created as you import assets.

Scenes should be saved either into this base directory, or into its immediate
subdirectory, named for example Scenes or Levels. When loading a scene, the
resource path will be set automatically.

Check the Global scene settings & Camera settings so that they match the
size of the objects you are using.


Editing
-------

Editing components is accomplished through the Entity / component edit window,
where the attributes of the selected component will be displayed. For scene
nodes, note that the transform shown is the local transform (offset from parent)

To reparent scene nodes, drag and drop them onto the new parent scene node in 
the Scene hierarchy window. They will also be automatically moved into the same
entity as where the parent node resides. To make a child node unparented, drag
it onto its entity. Reparenting should retain the effective world transform, so
check afterwards from the component window that the local transform is what you 
expect it to be.

Currently, when you edit for example a material or texture, you need to manually 
reload resources (Ctrl+R) to make the changes visible.


Importing
---------

The editor can import models or scenes from all the formats that the Open Asset 
Import Library supports, see 
http://assimp.sourceforge.net/main_features_formats.html

Model and scene import work differently: model import will take everything in
the source file (for example a Collada scene), and combine it into a single
model, with possibly many subgeometries. Scene import on the other hand will 
export each source scene node separately, creating multiple models as necessary.

When a model is imported, it will also be instantiated into the scene as a
new entity with a StaticModel component.

To do the actual importing, the editor will invoke AssetImporter.exe from the
same directory as where Urho3D.exe resides, so be sure both are built.

Importing lights is not properly supported yet. Instead, when a scene is
imported, a zone for ambient lighting and a single directional light are created,
so that you can at least see something.
